#summary Weekly meeting notes
#labels Featured

= Meeting Notes =
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

== 2011-02-21 ==

  * Students from ETH visit the Zurich office
  * General discussion as to how things could progress

== 2011-02-28 ==

  * Lots of new people show up
  * Define license detail -> Freedom to open-sourcing granted
  * Keep software separate from mars-rover, internal stuff, etc.
  * Write code from scratch, except where already opensourced
  * Responsibilities:
     * alexeyn, wolfb: Planner
     * emma: Skipper
     * grundmann: Helmsmann (Support: wolfb with sailing, marius)
     * code repository: uqs
     * watchdog & system reliability: bernhard
     * radio: Marius
     * sponsoring and HW 
     * electronic navigational charts (wolf)
     * sensorics: Richard
   * Get a bigger room (with VC) for next meeting

== 2011-03-07 ==

  * introduced a pdb avalon
  * boat in the lobby Tuesday night
  * Planner-Skipper interface not documented (sep. meeting setup by grundmann)
  * Skipper-Helmsman interface defined, to be documented by grundmann
  * Agreed on Alexey's proposal about units: all interfaces in knots, nautical miles, degrees. All angles in [0, 360)
  * Status updates:
    * Marius: Sat receiver can give rough (eps<12nm) position
    * Steffen: Polardiagram code ready
    * Wolf: ENC available (US for free, EU at reasonable cost)
    * Emma: Interface definitions (see above)
    * Bernhard: Power System Setup, meeting at ETH. The plan is to replace the main switch
    * all sensors deliver healthy flag, all process check in at different frequencies and report life status, Luuk proposes syslog lib.
    * Richard: NMEA libraries
  * Open items (push over to next meeting):
    * shall we switch on the AIS to improve collision avoidance?
    * Who gets the permissions to operat in the start and arrival countries?
    * Who is responsible for the insurance of damages of the boat to others?
    * Warning plate/flag
  * Source code discussions:
    * On the boat: only C/C++
    * Off the boat: whatever floats your boat
    * Proposed src tree layout
      * docs/
      * planner/
      * skipper/
      * helmsman/lib/`*`.{c,h,a}
      * io/rudder/
      * io/ais/
      * io/gps/, etc.
      * radio/ (perhaps under of io?)
    * No circular dependencies, skipper may depend on helmsman or io, but not the other way round
  * Please put docs either in doc/ or on the Wiki page (which will  then end up in SVN under the wiki/ directory)
  * We decided on using Rietveld for review, people should download 'upload.py' from http://codereview.appspot.com (and create an account)
  * AI(uqs): put checkout/build instructions on the Wiki
  * AI(lvd): put up the shopping list for discussion: https://spreadsheets.google.com/a/google.com/ccc?key=0AnVYj5ZguanKdDZ4VDhydjFwR3A3T3pjTzNzbHY3R2c&hl=en#gid=0
  * AI(lvd): ask professional legal input on the broadcast AIS issue.  Sent out mail to legal@.
  * AI(all): request commit access from uqs
  